feat: add upgrade-shared command (#1316)
pypa/pipx: docs/examples.md

    - pipx
done! ✨ 🌟 ✨
```

## `pipx upgrade-shared` examples

One use of the upgrade-shared command is to force a `pip` upgrade.

```shell
> pipx upgrade-shared
```

> Another use of the upgrade-shared command is to pin (temporarily) `pip` to a specific version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example pins `pip` (temporarily, until the next automatic upgrade, if that is not explicitly turned off) to a specific version.
```

```shell

> > pipx upgrade-shared --pip-args=pip==24.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> pipx upgrade-shared --pip-args="pip == 24.0"
```

I think this improves readability.

Author: This fails on windows, c.f. https://github.com/mayeut/pipx/actions/runs/8771336857/job/24068962865

Reviewer: It should work with single quotes? Updated the suggestion.

Author: It also fails on windows: https://github.com/pypa/pipx/actions/runs/8779377197/job/24087325568
